Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. Uh last
Friday we went out to garage sales. Uh I
don't even remember how many it was. It
was quite a bit. Um being
>> Yeah, I'm trying to remember. Um
>> maybe about 20 somewhere around there, I
think. Yeah, we did pretty good. In
fact, um again, but we did well enough
where we decided not to go out again on
Saturday. Some of that was because we
because of some of the previous weeks.
We haven't we hadn't really caught up
with listing all that stuff yet. Um so,
but yeah, we did. Yeah, we bought a lot.
Um
>> we did. It's not even all in here cuz I
couldn't pick up two of the things.
>> Okay. Okay. Yeah. So, uh yeah, we're
going to take a look at what we bought.
And this is I think what we bought is
pretty
representative of a lot of the types of
items we normally try and buy at garage
sales
>> and then some.
>> Yeah. And and that's what that Yeah. And
there's always and then some.
>> Yep.
>> And which sometimes works out and
sometimes doesn't. But we we just wanted
to we want we want to show y'all the
kinds of things that we're looking for.
Um, and maybe some of the thing kinds of
things you can look for if you agree
with us that these are even worthwhile,
>> right?
>> Like so not not all of these things are
for everybody.
>> I think there's exactly a quite a few
things that some people will not want to
ship.
>> Yeah, that's true. That's true. I mean,
we're willing to ship a little more than
most people are, right? So,
>> uh, you ready to start?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I don't know about these boots.
>> So, I paid 30 total for these uh two
boots. One of them is, let's see which
pair these are. These are supposed to be
like buffalo or probably water bison.
Tony llamas is what they are. Um,
they're really good condition.
>> Yeah, they are. I mean, they're
definitely worn, but you could The guy
took care of them.
>> Y
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> And then these are just cowhide. These
are just, I believe.
>> Yeah.
>> These have a little more wear to them.
>> Yeah. But they still have a lot of life
left of them. Take, like you said, very
well taken care of. And like I don't
know what these boots are worth, but
typically we can expect to get as long
as they're in decent condition at least
40 and maybe a lot more maybe. I don't
think these are super high-end though.
>> Probably not. Yeah.
>> But we you know like let's assume we're
going to get 50 50 bucks a pair
something somewhere in there which I
think is reasonable.
>> I bought this little uh Cajun classic
cast iron enameled cast iron purple and
gold. Uh
>> looks like it was never used.
>> I know. Little Dutch oven. It's in great
condition. Sucker's heavy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Look at Look how how clean
it is inside. So, it looks like if it
was used maybe once or twice, you know.
Very cute. I paid $15 for that.
These are
>> I Yeah, it's just some CD CDRs. Uh I
don't normally buy the this stuff
anymore. I just couldn't resist because
they're sealed Sony and it's only a
dollar and they're they have those cool
multiolor cases. It's we we'll see what
it we'll see what I list this thing for
though. Um yeah,
>> I'm sure there still has to be a market
for those.
>> Some market, but it might only be worth
$10 or so, but even even then, I'm fine
with that.
>> So, it's some uh shiflex
youth shoulder pads.
>> Yeah, we paid $5 and we've actually sold
this exact model in this size several
times.
this size
that model
probably $25 to $35 somewhere in there.
>> Man, these things look brand new. I see.
>> They always do.
>> I don't I see a couple of scuffs. Yeah,
I guess cuz little kids don't hit too
hard.
>> Or they play they play one season and
then they quit or one game and quit
maybe or but yeah, I mean it's not like
they're like knocking the you know what
out of each other or these things. So
>> yeah, five bucks for those. That's just
I don't think we have any in stock right
now. And we always buy
>> we always buy this stuff when we see it.
>> This brand for sure.
>> Shoot. And uh what's the other brand we
buy a lot? I can't remember. There's
another brand. Redell.
>> Yep. Those two brands are what we look
for. Yeah.
>> There might be some others, too. We're
we're not mentioning.
All right. Hear me out, y'all. So, I saw
this
>> man. I don't even know they can see it.
It's so long.
>> Yeah. It's huge. And it's like it's
clear
>> acrylic.
>> Yeah. And what what what brand is this
thing?
>> So, whenever I did some just looking on
eBay when we got back in the car, it
looks like this is by it's called Ghost
Ghost Boards.
>> These clear acrylic. Um heavy duty. Like
it's really heavy.
>> It is. And yeah, I don't know. It
doesn't look like it has a whole lot of
wear wear to it either. Um yeah. So, and
then they had this board. And this board
was cool looking. And I was on the fence
on it and I should have probably stayed
on the fence. It says retrospec on it.
Candace looked this up. And normally I
will not buy a board like this unless
the trucks are brand name.
But this the board on this one felt
super high quality and it's like you
know it's got all the curves and
everything. So I went ahead and picked
it up. Um and they had they had 10 on
this one. And I think they are as they
asked 10 for this one as well. And I
ended up paying 15 uh for both. And
>> we haven't listed it yet as as we film.
>> I think this one's going to be pretty
good. These ghost boards.
>> Didn't you tell me you probably you
think this would probably be like 60
bucks or something like that? Minimum
60.
>> Minimum. Yeah, I've seen them all the
way up to over 100 depending on.
>> Okay. So, I mean I think I think we're
going to do well on this. Of course, the
the challenge on an item like this is do
you want to ship it, right?
>> And that's a simple question. Either
you're willing to to to ship something
like this or you're not.
>> I'm curious how long this sucker is.
>> This sucker. Oh, it's 4 feet long,
y'all.
>> Yeah. I mean, I don't know if y'all
could tell. That's why I wanted to
measure. It's really long.
>> The skateboard is 4 feet long.
>> Yeah.
>> That is wild.
>> It's like a surfboard. Street surfboard.
>> Yeah. Basically.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Here's a bunch of random stuff. um
bought these disc golf um disc. It's
three of them.
>> Mhm.
>> For five bucks. And um
>> in Nova.
>> Yeah. I think they're all in Nova.
And I mean I we may be looking I'm going
to guess about $25 to $30 is is my
guess, but I it may be better than that.
I doubt it though. Um I don't really
know that. I've sold disc golf stuff a
few times in the past. And then this
stuff, first sale we went to that
morning. You can see these are all
Pinewood Derby cars.
And like here is like a Batmobile. We
had Oh, the I didn't realize some of
them were individually priced. This car.
And here's this car. It's got all the
weights on the bottom.
And then this is like uh this almost
looks like a Hot Wheels type
>> Yep.
>> paint job. Here's a car with no wheels
on it. And then here's a
>> a boat.
>> A little uh a boat
and
>> couple of stands.
>> What I pay for those five bucks, right?
>> Yeah.
>> I paid $5 for all of those cars. And um
there are listings. We we did see solds
on eBay for these.
>> Again, I'm guessing probably lot all
those up for like 30 bucks.
>> Yeah. Something is.
>> He included these stands. I said, and I
asked him, I said, uh, I said, "You cool
if I leave the stands here or you want
me to take them?" He said, "Uh, I want,
would you take them?" Cuz I'd already
talked them down from like $10.
>> So, I'm probably just going to throw
those out. Honestly, I don't want to
ship them. I don't
>> That'll add so much to the weight.
>> I don't think it'll add anything to the
value of the lot. Nobody I don't think
anybody's going to want that.
>> Yep.
>> But, I can definitely see somebody um I
think I think these are going to do
well.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think they'll when I say
well, I think they'll sell for, you
know, 2530 bucks pretty quickly. That's
what I mean by that.
>> Yep.
>> This is a cool um art glass horse. I
didn't see any markings on it. I didn't
look really close, but I'm pretty sure
it's not marked. Uh it looks very
Italian to me the way they did the face.
I'm not saying it's Italian. That's just
a feeling I'm getting. And I did pay I
think I paid $3 for it.
>> We We really like We really like the art
glass and we've done pretty well with
it. And plus, it's just fun to uh
>> Yeah.
>> Like I I like art. I like I like owning
the art glass for a little while, you
know, before we sell it. I think it's
really cool.
>> This one I don't y'all probably can't
tell, but it's like inside the body and
going up to the head as a separate piece
of like twisted glass and it is mouth
blown. It's got the little divot mark
thing on the bottom.
>> I can't imagine the work that is like
it's not going to probably be worth a
ton of money, but I can't the work that
goes into something like that and the
skill it takes to do it.
>> Yeah. It's really cool
>> that just that touch it takes and every
like it might look to that's one of
those things where it looks easier than
it really is
>> probably. So yeah
>> boy these shoes look like they're
perfect.
>> Yeah, these are floor shine.
>> They haven't been worn. Look at the
soles.
>> Yeah, I don't remember what I paid for
them either. You see anything?
>> Uh I didn't see anything on the box
>> that says 45. I know I did.
>> Oh, we didn't pay 45.
>> No, I didn't pay anywhere near that.
>> I I have no idea.
>> Yeah, I don't remember. I mean, I I may
have paid like 20 or so for
>> You think you paid that high?
>> I may have. Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> If this is the price tag that goes in
there, I really don't remember.
>> They're four shine.
>> Yep.
>> You know, okay. I don't remember you
paying $20 for shoes, but maybe. So,
>> you normally wouldn't.
>> I normally wouldn't. So, I don't I
really honestly don't remember.
>> I'll have to look at the video, the
footage. That'll help. I mean, we know
what we paid. We know what we paid total
at each sale,
>> but we like sometimes we don't know the
like individual items.
>> Yeah. I don't even remember which store
I got those at.
>> This is
just a Glock. This is like the case that
you you buy that you get whenever you
buy the the gun.
>> Uh it does have these normally come with
locks whenever you buy them. And then
>> uh a book and stuff. And then there's a
couple little cleaning things in here.
I'm probably going to toss that.
Typically for these kind of things, you
we can get about um not a bunch, like
$25 to $30, maybe 20 to $30. The Glock
ones usually sell pretty quickly. Um no,
I paid $5 for this. I did. I had to pay
five.
>> And then some volatile um shoes. They
look they're in excellent condition, if
even worn at all. I paid $5 for them.
>> Boy, lots of fives up here today.
>> Yeah, that's like the new dollar at
garage. It really is.
>> A $5 bill is the new was used to be the
old one or two.
>> Yeah.
>> Now it's five,
>> right?
>> That's just a fact.
>> Yeah.
>> Of course, a lot of the stuff sells for
more than it used to sell for as well.
Like inflation hits both sides of the
equation.
>> That's right.
>> You know.
>> Yeah.
>> Like really like a lot of the stuff we
sell now does sell for more money than
it used to because of inflation, right?
>> That's right.
>> So the same place we bought those cowboy
boots
The guy had a bunch of um like a lot of
lures.
>> All kind of fishing stuff actually. This
>> thing.
>> Yeah, that bag is not open anymore.
>> Godly.
>> So, he had a bunch of lures. He had some
reels,
>> fishing reels. And here is the deal we
ended up with.
So, I paid
for the four reels. I paid $35.
>> Mhm.
>> And these are all Abu Garcia
uh fishing reels. Wait,
what is this one? Do I
think this is Abu Garcia?
No, I'm not sure.
>> Does it have this little crest thing on
it somewhere?
>> Wait, no. No, no. Okay, wait. This one
is not. This is a Shimano,
>> which is good. I don't know if it's as
good as a B Garcia, though. Yeah,
>> this is a Boo Garcia. And then these two
are a Boo Garcia. And they uh they're
fairly smooth. They're not perfect,
though. Like there's
>> they need to be clean.
>> This handle on this one is like breaking
down, I think.
>> You know how the rubber plastic does.
>> Uh this one,
this one's probably probably good. It
feels uh it has like hardened things on
it
>> like acrylic.
>> It right. Pro Sure Grip has on it.
Ambassador
5000. These are made in Sweden and these
are vintage. Um in my in the past
usually get like anywhere $30 to $50 for
the Abu Garcas.
Um provided they're working fairly well.
So I paid 35 for those four.
>> Yep.
>> And then Candace was working on some of
this lure stuff.
>> He had a ton of lures. He had loose ones
in cases. And then he had bags put
together of new new uh in package. And I
kind of looked through all the packages.
I decided this one was worth buying. He
wanted 25 for the whole bag, but it's
all uh like rattle traps new in the
package. So, um I think we'll do pretty
well with these.
>> Yeah. There's all kind of stuff in here.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh yeah, I think I think I think
we're going to do well. If nothing else,
uh it'll be a little learning.
>> Yeah. You know, like look, it's a, you
know, bunch of it is mostly rattle
traps,
>> right?
>> Like that guy was a competitive
fisherman and he had
>> he had so much.
>> He wanted like I think he had a bunch
out there. He wanted like 500 for all of
it and
>> we just weren't
>> actually I feel like our knowledge isn't
quite high enough to go that deep,
>> especially with uh lures that are not in
the package. like these rattle he had a
lot of rattle traps not in the package
and I wouldn't even know where to begin
to value those right
>> so we just
>> there we pro I feel like it was we
definitely could have made money on all
that stuff if we bought it or maybe even
got them down a little bit
>> he probably would have come down a
little bit
>> we probably could have gotten down to
like 400 for everything or something
>> we to be honest we didn't want to get
that deep into one thing we just wanted
to get a little taste
>> yeah I'm happy with what we got what we
>> so you paid 25 here
>> so we're into all this stuff right here
for 60 bucks.
>> Yep.
>> That's good. I think I think we got
plenty of profit to make and a little
bit of education to where next time we
come across a bunch of stuff like this.
>> Yep.
>> We'll know.
>> Yeah.
>> If y'all watch the channel, y'all know
I'm a sucker for these pottery mugs.
>> I am, too. I love them.
>> This one's from the Maryland Renaissance
Festival. Who's the uh maker on the
bottom?
>> The maker on the bottom. Let me show
them this. All right, let's see. Uh
greyfoxpottery.com.
Handmade in the USA. Yep.
>> Let merrynt abound. The Maryland
Maryland Renaissance Festival.
>> I remember you said Maryland whenever
you you weren't even thinking. It was
like the name of the state, I guess.
>> The older I get, I start mispronouncing.
It's like I'm regressing like I'm a kid
again.
>> Yeah. But it's not. Yeah. But you know
better. That's the thing.
>> Yeah. But it just comes out of my mouth.
I do put it in.
>> It's embarrassing sometimes.
>> I thought this was too cool to leave for
a dollar.
>> I didn't even see you get this. Look at
this little thing. It's so cool. You
can't just come. You can keep it if you
want. I just
>> Look at that.
>> How do I leave? That's a little
Bluetooth speaker, y'all.
>> That is so cool. I put that on the
kitchen kitchen counter.
>> Yeah, actually. Yes. It's actually
really cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Look. No. Only paid a dollar.
>> Now they Now it's a cheap Chinese thing
or whatever.
>> The sound quality is not the best.
>> We're gonna find out.
>> It's cute.
>> Look, it's got little Man, this thing is
so cool. I love it. It's got uh the the
cables in there.
>> Yeah. Oh, does it?
>> Yep.
>> Oh, it does.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, like uh little aux cables and stuff.
But look, y'all.
>> Look, you got uh you could plug it in
here. You put a u I guess a memory card
here.
>> Is that a remote on the back?
>> On the back. What? Oh, no. This is this
This is the speaker right here. I just
pressed on it and it's like the speaker.
>> Passive diaphragm is what that is. Oh,
that. Okay. That probably gives it a
little punch.
>> Yeah, like a little base.
>> Yeah, that's probably what it is. Ain't
that cool, though, y'all?
>> That's really cool.
>> That actually Okay. Yeah, you stick that
in the kitchen, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> It probably Well, it's probably going to
sound like crap, though.
>> We'll see.
>> I bought those vintage uh
>> That's one of those those reflex
checkers.
>> No, it's a meatizer. I guess you could
Well, no. It needs to have a pointed end
to do that.
>> I know. I'm kidding.
>> It's a husband beater.
What did I pay for this? Like a like a
dollar.
>> Yeah, something like that. Maybe two. I
don't know.
>> Why did you buy this?
>> Cuz I like it.
>> Okay. So, you bought it for yourself?
>> No.
>> Do you think it's like Did you look it
up? Does this have any resale value
whatsoever?
>> We're going to find out.
>> It doesn't seem to me this looks like
something that should be worth about 10
cents.
>> There's so many uses for that. Look, you
got a mallet on one end, a tenderizer on
the other. You could use it for a
weapon.
>> It doesn't even have uh the leather
thing, the little leather thing. I can I
can I can add a string
>> and then sell it for $3.
I'm kidding. I don't know. That might be
worth some money or something. I don't
know.
>> Probably not.
>> I just remember we had an actual judges
gavel for sale forever.
>> An antique one
>> for forever and we ended up selling it
for what, like $12 or something and it
took like a year.
>> Yeah.
>> A couple LSU hats. I think Oh, man.
Certain the fishing guy. Couple bucks a
piece I think.
>> Yeah. There uh there were some more
interesting like this is from the 2019
football championship
and this is from the 2023 baseball
championship. So
those are interesting shoes, huh?
>> These are Steve Madden. They're they're
brand new. I paid $5 for them. Look
>> how to be a boss.
>> They have like news print all over them.
>> Yeah.
>> The model is uh Vala Abala.
>> It's even got their original uh what
they $92.
>> What?
>> Yeah.
Oh my gosh. They like Yeah, people pay
like $92 for that originally and then
we're probably going to be trying to get
like $30 or something for it.
>> Unless it's like a rare just I don't
>> Did you look them up?
>> No, I didn't.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, they're brand new.
>> They're neat. You know what's cool
though is they kind of look queen. I
knew it was going to say queen on here
somewhere. Huh? I knew. Yeah, it says
queen bee.
>> Yeah.
>> I knew it was going to look flawless.
>> Well, women really need the uh they need
the affirmations, don't they?
>> Yeah, they do. for whenever they aren't
getting it from somewhere else.
>> Oh,
>> they got to have it on their shoes.
>> There you go. Was this on one of those?
>> That was in this.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> All right. We got like probably Yeah, we
got a lot more stuff to show y'all.
>> Okay, queen. Let's do it, Queen.
>> Okay, y'all. Going mobile for this next
round. So,
>> yeah,
>> the uh we bought both of we bought both
of these things at the same garage sale.
They had a this sharp uh cash register
and
I was able to test it. Uh got got it and
plug it in and hit a button. Made sure
the drawer popped out. The receipt
printed a little bit. It's pretty clean.
Uh I mean I know it's got some stuff
stuck on it,
>> but no, it's well taken care of.
>> It's well taken care of. It's not all
beat up. The book's down there. Uh, we
do not have the key. That's not a big
deal. It's not locked. Uh, we've sold
cash registers plenty of times before.
>> Um, but the last time we bought a cash
register, it didn't work. So, that's why
I was sure even though this this was a
fantastic deal, um, I wanted to plug it
in and make sure it worked before we
start hauling this big heavy thing
around.
>> Yep.
>> Uh, but we got it. They gave us an
excellent deal. Well, we paid the asking
price,
>> right? 40
>> 40 bucks. And I don't know. I haven't
looked at it to know like if there's
like different like any differences or
anything like that. I think this thing's
worth somewhere in the $500 range.
>> Mhm. Yep.
>> 400 to 550, some something like that,
>> right?
>> Um and I mean I didn't see any reason
why we wouldn't get that.
>> Yeah. No. And we even have some paper to
go with it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. They had they had some rolls
of paper like for 50 cents. I'm like,
"Hey, you might
>> throw that in." Yeah.
>> They had another cash register there,
too. the smaller one. It was probably
worth about 125 and they wanted 40 for
it. Also,
>> I don't mind dealing with something like
this, but the the the margins got to be
there. I'm not going to deal with it for
$80 gross profit, you know? It's just
not worth it, you know, especially after
you ship it and all that stuff.
>> But yeah, I'm I'm pretty optimistic
here. I think this is going to be really
good and it might even sell super quick.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, we got to Y'all got to hear us out
on this other one. So,
here's my exper. Here's what I know
about bowling balls. Okay, we got Where
did we even get those bowling balls?
Remember, we had a couple of bowling
balls we sold
>> from Bev.
>> From Bev. Yeah.
>> Um, friend of the channel. We see her
out in the at garage sales a lot when we
go out. We've made buys from her in the
past. We bought a couple of bowling
balls from Bev Bev's bowling balls.
And I was shocked. They were used. And I
think I sold one for like 30 and the
other for 40 somewhere in that that
range. And I was shocked that there was
a market for used bowling balls. And of
course, it's going to matter what what
model it is and all that stuff,
>> right?
>> But I just assumed without looking it
up, I assumed that someone that was
buying the shoes and the fancy bag,
>> I figured they weren't going to buy like
bargain basement bargain basement
bowling balls,
>> right? So, I went I went ahead and
popped on this. We paid either 15 or 20
for all that stuff. And we got it from
the same uh sale as this.
>> Yep.
>> So, what do we have? We have what? Three
bowling balls.
>> Yeah. So, we have these two balls.
>> That's a That one says arson on it. What
does this one say?
>> It has this symbol.
>> It's a Brunswick.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know.
USBC.
I think that means US bowling congress.
I don't know.
>> Yeah. Oh, is here we go. T-zone
something. I think I sold one like this
before. T-zone before. I think I've sold
that.
>> So, the other shoe is in here and those
are shoe covers.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Um I guess they wear them, you know,
>> when they're not bowling to protect
their souls.
>> Okay. With Strike Force. Yeah.
>> All right. Yeah.
>> And then the other bag has some These
are women's shoes. They look like
>> pretty clean. And then another ball.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, I I mean, and here here's the
thing. We've we've sold I think two used
bowling we've sold two used bowling
balls uh and did pretty well on them.
And then I've been watching um when I
can I catch Hot Lunch reselling videos.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> That guy sells bowling balls.
>> Mhm.
>> And I'm like, "Okay, used bowling balls
must be a thing." And I don't mind
shipping them one bit,
>> right?
>> Like not at all. It's not anything to me
to ship.
>> And the bags will help. We'll will
include the bag with one or two of them,
you know,
>> or we'll sell it separate
>> maybe. Like it looks like it's in decent
condition.
>> This one's nice. It rolls and it has
capacity for two balls. I didn't even
check all these other thing.
>> Might be $40 or something or more. Let's
see. Oh, look at that. It's rosin.
>> Yeah,
>> it's all rosin in there, y'all. Yuck.
>> Have to take that out and blow it.
>> So, this bowling ball is ebonite, and
that's what this bag is. So, they must
have got it when they bought that the
bowl.
>> Yep.
>> Maybe. Yeah. I mean, I'm not I'm not
against including them.
>> Yeah.
>> But Yeah. Okay. Uh, one more round and
it's a good one. This is a doozy.
>> Okay. Is this the last round?
>> Yeah,
>> it is. Okay. So, everything that you see
on this bench
plus what you see in that box, we're
into for how much?
>> 90.
>> Okay.
So,
>> yeah, we uh we started kind of like
piling a few things up here and there
and then um we're going to play a short
for you after this is over. You can see
how the deal for these Vera Bradley bags
went down,
>> right? And then once once we cut the
deal for these cuz we paid uh 60,
there's 11 of those in there. All brand
new.
>> Yep.
>> They have the original tag on them for
75.
>> Uh all those are brand new. Uh in the
plastic, sealed, whatever. Uh, and and
they they look like they sell for like
$30 $35 plus ship kind of kind of range.
>> Yeah, I'm thinking sealed in the bag. We
should be able to get 35,
>> right?
>> But definitely 30.
>> Yeah, I would I think that's the
minimum.
>> Y
>> and uh Yeah, there's 11 of them in there
and we paid uh 60 60.
>> Yeah,
>> we paid 60 for 11. So, a little over
five bucks a piece.
>> Yeah. Uh, so we'll be making about $25
gross profit 11 times. That sounds good
to me.
>> Yeah. One multi-quantity less than easy
to ship.
>> But once we bought that,
>> he started like
>> he he started just giving us really good
deals cuz look, we're into this part for
60.
>> Yeah.
>> Everything else up here we're into for
30 total.
>> And some stuff we brought up there and
either made a little deal or paid the
price. And some stuff he was just like
giving it to us.
>> Yeah. like this cosmetics. I was like,
you know, and he what I think he's like,
how about all of it for five,
>> right?
>> Yeah. And he just started picking up,
putting the bag and I'm like, okay.
>> Yeah. And uh
>> we actually have that um from that last
HBA.
>> I almost wonder if some of this isn't
like influencer type stuff or something.
It sure seems that way, doesn't it?
>> Right. Right.
>> We've been seeing this kind of stuff so
much lately. So yeah, just various HBA
stuff, cosmetic type stuff.
>> You know, back you remember when we used
to only see the HBA stuff like Mary Kay
or Avon sellers and now it's like we see
this stuff everywhere.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know if it's pallet buyers or or
what the deal is. Man,
>> there's just more brands out there in
the last 10 years. Like uh the cosmetic
industry just really boomed and like
every celebrity has their own line, it
seems. And I mean it's just so much out
there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, um, this is some manb
bar soap.
>> Yeah. That's going to make me smell
pretty.
>> Yeah.
>> These are pretty good.
>> Is this worth selling though?
>> I think they are. I lot them together.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Look, there's the bar of soap. Big
old bar.
>> Yep.
>> Maniz bar.
>> Bear soap lotion. Those were pretty
good. I don't remember off hand. This is
a Baskin and Robins Anesco ornament.
>> Yeah. Uh these are some art glass little
stingrays or manor rays. I guess
>> one of them is cracked.
>> It's interesting. We were just looking
at it. It's cracked on the inside layer
like that how it has two layers.
>> You can't
>> you can't feel the crack. It's inside.
Um and it goes like all the way through
the inside layer, but
>> so I would feel okay just closing that
and shipping it. Like I don't feel like
it's going to like I don't think it it
has weakened it at all cuz the outside
glass is really thick, you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. I don't
think it's a ton of money. I just
thought they were cool.
>> Yeah. Uh what is this thing? Harry
Potter. Some kind of game.
>> 20 questions or something
>> like a trivia thing
>> or something like that. Yeah. That's a
snitch.
>> Yeah. Golden snitch.
>> Yeah. So I I think that's like about 20
bucks. Somewhere in that range.
>> We have some CDs.
>> Yeah. Uh two Taylor Swift CDs. This one
is new sealed. I was I got kind of
excited about it and then I I looked it
up just now. This probably about 20
bucks, maybe a little more.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I haven't looked this one up.
Uh this one is not sealed. In excellent
condition, though. This is one of our
early CDs,
>> I think. I think I did. And it's
probably worth about $6 to $8. So, we'll
probably lot those up for like 25
something like that. Yeah.
>> And then Empire Records soundtrack from
1995, which is awesome soundtrack. I
love I love this soundtrack.
>> Good soundtrack. Good movie. It's
sealed, but it's it's cracked, so it's
probably not worth anything.
>> Uh oh, that's a life is good. Did you
see when I got that?
>> Yeah. What a long strange trip it's
been. Life is good little tumbler. Uh
water bottle.
>> Yeah, it's used, but I thought it was
really cool. I think I think that thing
is probably worth at least 25.
>> Oh, nice.
>> Yeah. No, no. Life is good is a good
brand. And I think this is going to do
pretty well. Yeah. Okay. Oh, that's
pretty good. I looked that up and it was
like I want to say it was at least $30.
Is that what What year is that from?
Like the mid90s.
>> Uh
>> that's the board game for U.
>> You see it?
>> I don't see it anywhere. See if you see
it.
>> All right. Uh see
>> Home Improvement the TV show is
>> Look, it has a little Is that a
>> Yeah, it's still sealed, but uh the
plastic is still sealed over that. Man,
how did that happen?
>> Somebody put something heavy on it.
>> Okay. Huh?
>> Look at that price tag. $249.
>> Yeah. Huh.
>> Where was that at?
>> Hm.
>> That price tag.
>> Uh I don't know. Salvage place probably.
>> Yeah. Mhm.
>> Huh. I'm just wondering if that
can that really get
I don't see how that damage happened
without damaging the shrink more. That's
the only thing I'm worried. I'll look at
that more.
>> Yeah, we probably we may end up opening
it cuz if there's a board under there,
it could have damaged the board.
>> Dang, man. I didn't notice that. Anyway,
anyways, uh fuglers. I don't even know
what the heck.
>> I kind of looked at these briefly and
some of them are worth pretty good money
and some are not. And I was kind of
like, eh. And he he just said take them.
He threw them in. So, I'm like, okay,
I'll lot them together.
>> And look, that's a don't call it don't
call it the V word. That is a hook and
loop wallet.
>> Yeah. nylon wallet with an Elvis on it.
>> Elvis mouse.
>> Yeah. And
>> I guess it's a mouse. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Look. Look at that. It's a nice
wallet, actually.
>> Yeah. The brand is um
>> CU
>> CUY Arts.
>> Yeah.
>> Made in Peru.
>> Okay.
>> Don't know what that is. So,
>> what is that thing?
>> This is a Teddy Ruxpin character Grubby.
Um it was only 50ents, so I grabbed it.
It does have a battery compartment and
it I can see it's trying to make a
sound. I think it just needs batteries.
Uh it's probably only worth about $10.
>> Now, if you can find the vintage one,
those are good money, of course.
>> What is in there? I forget.
>> This is a sugar and creamer set by Happy
Chic by Jonathan Adler.
>> Is it Is it show it on there? Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Chic is exuberant. Chic is Lola. Okay.
Did you I guess you looked that up. You
did. I remember you looking it up.
>> I I remember it was worth getting. I
don't remember offh hand what it's
worth, but yeah.
>> Okay.
>> So,
>> yeah. So, yeah, the it was really fun
work. Like that was a fun garage sale
because the guy was just like I don't
think like this table full of stuff.
It's not like home runs, but it's
probably
>> I don't know about this. I mean, I would
guess we probably got a couple hundred
bucks here.
>> Yeah.
>> And then um we know this is uh
>> 300 bucks there.
>> So we probably got about $500 worth of
stuff for um
>> for 90
>> 90 probably over 500 really. I mean we
we'll see what we end up doing with it.
>> It's funny cuz um we've been to their
garage sales before. They have them a
couple of times a year
>> and um and it's always the guy running
it and the wife is never usually there.
I'm imagine she's out buying garage sale
stuff to resell later. I think it's
Yeah, I think it's a thing where
>> he he gets her to let him clear out
stuff every now and then.
>> So, and as we were walking down the
driveway to the car, she she was pulling
up. I'm like, man, I'm glad she wasn't
here. We may have not gotten such a good
deal. I I've dealt with her before. We
had some Kate We bought some Kate Spade
comforter sets from her. Oh, I remember
that. Oh,
>> she was hard to deal with. Like very
hard to negotiate.
>> We ended up doing well with it, though.
>> We did. Um, it took a long time for them
to sell and um, I didn't get them as
cheap as I wanted. We made money though.
>> We did make money on them. But yeah,
she's a tough negotiator.
>> I forgot about I forgot about that. And
she's not and she's not mean or
anything.
>> No, she's just she's she's done.
>> She's the one She's also the one that
knows how much all this stuff cost,
right?
>> Because I looked at this. This is a case
pack, factory case pack in there.
>> So, she knows what she paid for that.
Yeah.
>> And it probably was a pretty good bit,
>> right?
>> So,
I don't know.
>> Yeah. I'm just glad that she was
arriving as we were leaving.
>> That's right. I was thinking the same
>> cuz he was just giving us stuff
basically. He was like, "Take this. Take
this."
>> And they had the uh they did have Fred
Flops outside there.
>> Yeah, they have a a big one. Um
>> actually was the same color as Candace's
hair because it was kind of faded. It
was red faded.
>> Yeah.
>> A red flops. Red Fred flops.
>> Red flops.
>> Oh, that was red flops.
>> Yeah, we have video of that, too. So,
um, yeah, I guess we'll pop on the two
shorts at the end of this
>> kind of showing Lonnie's negotiation
with the Vera Bradley bags and then
y'all get some footage of me with the
big Fred Flops.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's going to be it for
this one. Thanks so much for watching.
We'll see y'all again very soon. Bye
y'all.
>> Bye.
>> Everybody get a bag.
>> You got a bunch of them, huh?
>> I had like $15 each. I'm going to make a
video like
>> How many you got?
>> How many?
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. You got 11. Let me
let me look them up real quick. And uh
>> we have to be in them at five each.
>> At five.
>> Yep.
>> Would you like them at five each?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. You would? Okay. Hey, what about
I'm sorry.
>> I was right. Excuse me.
>> What about 55?
>> 55.
>> Yep.
>> And how many?
>> You got 11.
11.
>> I'll tell you what, we'll bump it up a
little bit. How about 60? I mean, that's
that's pretty far from what you're
asking a piece, though.
>> That would put us at like
>> Let me go ahead and cut my
>> That's what my wife wants to pay for
them. I don't know anything about them.
>> She told me five, but good.
>> All that for 60.
>> 60 for the thing.
>> Is that good?
We got
70 bucks.
>> Yep. So, yeah. All right. Hey, we're
doing business, man. I appreciate you
working with me on that.
>> That's awesome.
Get her. Whoa. Easy, Fred. I'm hungry,
bro.